# ACME Clothing Database

ACME Clothing is a startup that has hired you to build the database that is going to help them track inventory. Below is the email you received from Rhonda, an intern with their marketing department.

_Following up on our meeting yesterday, we currently offer only shoes and socks so that's all we'll be tracking for now. We need to store the typical stuff you would expect for both like price, date available, and our personal branding name so that we sound young and hip even though there's no one that works here who's under sixty (don't let anyone know I told you this). Anyway, what I mean by that is we have maybe 10 different types of socks and they all have their own name which we use to market them on our website. Some examples are_ My Favorite Ex, Retro the Billy Goat, _and_ Egyptian Wannabee. _For shoes, we're a little more conservative with names like_ Always on Time, Patriot, _and_ The Tax Payer. _Anyway, this should give you an idea of what we sell and how we sell it. We have just a few minor differences between socks and shoes. With socks, we need to know the material they are made from (e.g. cotton, polyester, etc..). My boss, Andy, got hit with a lawsuit a few years ago because a client developed a rash while using a scarf made with recycled plastic, so he's very cautious now with everything he does now. For shoes, we track the size as a number which ranges between 8 and 16. I think that's it. Let me know if you have any question. Thanks!_

Your homework assignment is to write the commands you would use to build a database for ACME Clothing. Be sure to read the email closely as it contains all the information you need for tables and columns. Provide at least one INSERT statement for each table that adds a row to it.

List your commands in order so that another developer could simply copy/paste them and build the database on his/her own machine.
